A Security Engineer has found out that there are some developers who have been adding rules to security groups without any approval. The developers configured the security groups to allow RDS, SMTP, and SSH traffic from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range in order to do their code testing. The company has an existing firewall hosted in an EC2 instance where all of the traffic should pass through.

Which of the following is the MOST efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk?

(A) Use AWS Config rules to automatically detect whether there is a security group that allows inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. Associate a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function in the AWS Config rule to remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.
(B) Set up a Transit VPC to connect the corporate firewall and the EC2 instances.
(C) Block the source IP addresses coming from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range using Network ACL.
(D) Use AWS Shield to automatically monitor and detect all the security groups that allow traffic directly from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range.

Answer: 
The MOST efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk would be (A) Use AWS Config rules to automatically detect whether there is a security group that allows inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. Associate a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function in the AWS Config rule to remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.

Explanation:
Option A uses AWS Config to monitor and detect any security groups that allow traffic directly from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range, then utilizes an Automation document in Lambda to automatically remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address. This is the most efficient option because it uses AWS Config to continuously monitor for any changes to the security groups, and once a change is detected, the Automation document is triggered to automatically update the security group without requiring manual intervention from the Security Engineer. Option B requires the setup of a Transit VPC which may be more complex than necessary and may take longer to implement. Option C also does not address the root cause of the issue and only blocks traffic coming from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range, while Option D uses AWS Shield to monitor for all security groups that allow traffic directly from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range but does not address the root cause of the issue.