A Security Engineer has found out that there are some developers who have been adding rules to security groups without any approval. The developers configured the security groups to allow RDS, SMTP, and SSH traffic from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range in order to do their code testing. The company has an existing firewall hosted in an EC2 instance where all of the traffic should pass through.

Which of the following is the MOST efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk?

(A) Use AWS Config rules to automatically detect whether there is a security group that allows inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. Associate a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function in the AWS Config rule to remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.
(B) Set up a Transit VPC to connect the corporate firewall and the EC2 instances.
(C) Block the source IP addresses coming from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range using Network ACL.
(D) Use AWS Shield to automatically monitor and detect all the security groups that allow traffic directly from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range.

Answer: 

The most efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk would be to use AWS Config rules with an AWS Lambda function, as described in option (A). This solution is highly customizable and allows for fine-grained configuration of the remediation actions. By using AWS Config rules, you can detect when a security group has been added or modified without approval, and then trigger an AWS Lambda function to update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address. This solution provides a scalable, automated way to enforce security policies across multiple resources in your AWS environment. Option (B) requires setting up a new VPC, which may not be necessary if you already have existing infrastructure in place. Option (C) only blocks traffic from a specific source IP address and does not address the underlying security group configuration issue. Option (D) is too broad and would require additional setup to detect and remediate specific security groups.