An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 

You should choose option (C) - Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.

Option A and B are incorrect because they do not provide the necessary level of persistence and durability for mission-critical workloads. Option D is also incorrect because it does not provide the same level of cost optimization as option C, which is suitable for long-term storage of data that is accessed infrequently.

Amazon S3 One Zone-IA provides a lower cost option than Amazon S3 Glacier and is suitable for storing data that needs to be retrieved within seconds or minutes but less frequently than once a month. This makes it ideal for backup data that needs to be stored for long periods but only accessed occasionally. By using Amazon S3 One Zone-IA, you can achieve cost optimization while still maintaining the durability and availability required for mission-critical workloads.