An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 

The correct answer would be (A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier. 

Explanation: 

In this scenario, an instance store volume is needed for mission-critical workloads and a persistent block storage volume is required. The backup data can be stored in an object storage service such as Amazon S3. After 30 days, the data can then be stored in a data archiving storage service such as Amazon S3 Glacier.

Option (A) is correct because it provides an instance store volume for mission-critical workloads and allows for backup data to be stored in Amazon S3. Additionally, Amazon S3 Glacier can be used for long-term data archiving and has a lower cost compared to other data archiving storage services.

Option (B) is incorrect because an EBS volume provides block storage and is not suitable for mission-critical workloads. It also does not provide the ability to transition objects to Amazon S3 Glacier after 30 days.

Option (C) is incorrect because Amazon S3 One Zone-IA is a data archiving storage service that is optimized for infrequent access and has a higher retrieval fee compared to Amazon S3 Glacier. It is not suitable for long-term data archiving.

Option (D) is incorrect because Amazon S3 One Zone-IA is a data archiving storage service that is optimized for infrequent access and has a higher retrieval fee compared to Amazon S3 Glacier. It is not suitable for long-term data archiving.