An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 
Option D - Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.

Explanation: An instance store volume provides fast block-level access that is persistent across launching and stopping EC2 instances. It is suitable for mission-critical workloads as it provides high availability and durability. The backup data can be stored in an object storage service such as Amazon S3 to provide long-term data retention and scalability. To meet the requirement of storing the backup data for 30 days before transferring it to a data archiving storage service, we need to configure a lifecycle policy in Amazon S3. The 'Amazon S3 One Zone-IA' is a storage class that provides infrequent access and lower retrieval rates compared to 'Amazon S3 Standard' but is less expensive. Therefore, after 30 days, the backup data can be transferred from Amazon S3 to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA for cost optimization.