An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 

(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.

Explanation: 

For mission-critical workloads, it's recommended to use persistent block storage such as EBS volumes. In this case, attaching an EBS volume to your EC2 instance is the appropriate solution. This will provide a high level of availability and durability for your data. 

To store your backup data, you can use Amazon S3. It's important to configure a lifecycle policy that will transition your objects after 30 days to Amazon S3 Glacier, which is a low-cost storage class for infrequently accessed data. This will ensure that you don't incur unnecessary costs for storing your backup data.

Option (A) is not recommended because instance store volumes are not designed for long-term storage and have limited durability. Option (B) is also not recommended because it uses the same cost as EBS volumes, which can be expensive for mission-critical workloads. Option (D) is not recommended because Amazon S3 One Zone-IA is a less cost-effective option than Amazon S3 Glacier and may not be suitable for long-term storage of backup data.