An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 

A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.

Explanation: An instance store volume is a type of block storage that provides persistent storage for an EC2 instance. It is attached directly to the instance and is not affected by stopping or starting the instance. EBS volumes, on the other hand, are also block storage but are managed by Amazon and can be accessed from multiple instances.

In this scenario, since the data is mission-critical, it would be best to use an instance store volume for the persistent block storage. Additionally, using Amazon S3 to store the backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition the objects to Amazon S3 Glacier after 30 days would provide cost-effective storage for long-term retention of data. Amazon S3 Glacier is a deep archive storage service that provides lower storage costs but higher retrieval latency compared to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.