A Security Engineer has found out that there are some developers who have been adding rules to security groups without any approval. The developers configured the security groups to allow RDS, SMTP, and SSH traffic from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range in order to do their code testing. The company has an existing firewall hosted in an EC2 instance where all of the traffic should pass through.

Which of the following is the MOST efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk?

(A) Use AWS Config rules to automatically detect whether there is a security group that allows inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. Associate a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function in the AWS Config rule to remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.
(B) Set up a Transit VPC to connect the corporate firewall and the EC2 instances.
(C) Block the source IP addresses coming from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range using Network ACL.
(D) Use AWS Shield to automatically monitor and detect all the security groups that allow traffic directly from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range.

Answer: 
(A) Use AWS Config rules to automatically detect whether there is a security group that allows inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. Associate a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function in the AWS Config rule to remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.

This is the most efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk because it allows for automation of the detection and remediation process. Using AWS Config rules, you can set up a continuous monitoring system that will detect any security groups that allow inbound traffic from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. Once a rule is triggered, you can use an AWS Lambda function to run a Systems Manager Automation document that updates the security group with the corporate firewall IP address. This ensures that all traffic passes through the corporate firewall and helps to mitigate the risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data.

Option B (Transit VPC) is not necessary in this scenario as it is only useful for connecting multiple VPCs together and sharing resources between them. Option C (blocking source IP addresses using Network ACL) will only block traffic coming from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range and would not address the underlying issue of unauthorized access to the security group. Finally, option D (using AWS Shield to monitor and detect all security groups that allow traffic directly from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range) may be useful for detecting potential security risks but it does not provide an automated solution for remediation.