An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 

(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.

Here are the reasons for choosing option (C):

1. EBS is a block storage service that provides persistent storage volumes for EC2 instances, whereas instance-store is temporary storage that is lost when an instance is terminated. EBS volumes are suitable for mission-critical workloads as they provide persistence even if the instance is stopped or terminated. 

2. Amazon S3 One Zone-IA is an object storage service that provides durable and low-cost storage for data that is accessed less than once per year. It is a good choice for storing backup data that needs to be retained for compliance or regulatory reasons but doesn't need to be accessed frequently. 

3. Amazon S3 Glacier, on the other hand, provides even lower cost storage for data that needs to be retrieved less than once per year. It is not suitable for mission-critical workloads as it has a higher latency and longer retrieval time compared to S3 One Zone-IA. 

Therefore, option (C) is the best choice as it provides persistent block storage for mission-critical workloads and uses Amazon S3 One Zone-IA for backup data storage, which is suitable for long-term retention and compliance requirements.