An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 

(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA. 

Explanation:

For mission-critical workloads, it's recommended to use a persistent block storage volume such as EBS for high availability, durability, and performance. For data backup, you can use Amazon S3 to store your backup data securely and cost-effectively. 

To meet the requirement of storing backup data in an object storage service for 30 days before moving it to a data archiving storage service, you should configure a lifecycle policy on your Amazon S3 bucket. A lifecycle policy allows you to automatically transition objects between different storage classes based on predefined criteria such as age, size, and content type.

For the primary storage, you can use Amazon S3 One Zone-IA (Infrequent Access) storage class which provides lower cost than Amazon S3 Standard storage class with infrequent access of data at least 7 days in a month. This is a good option as it allows you to store your backup data for longer periods while keeping the costs down.

For data archiving, you can use Amazon S3 Glacier which provides even lower cost than Amazon S3 One Zone-IA, but with slower retrieval times of up to 12 hours. This is not suitable for mission-critical workloads, but it's a good option for long-term storage and backup of data that you don't access frequently.

Therefore, the correct option is (C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA for primary storage and Amazon S3 Glacier for data archiving.