A leading hospital has a web application hosted in AWS that will store sensitive Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of its patients in an Amazon S3 bucket. Both the master keys and the unencrypted data should never be sent to AWS to comply with the strict compliance and regulatory requirements of the company. 

Which S3 encryption technique should the Security Engineer implement?

(A) Implement an Amazon S3 client-side encryption with a client-side master key.
(B) Implement an Amazon S3 client-side encryption with a KMS-managed customer master key. 
(C) Implement an Amazon S3 server-side encryption with a KMS managed key.
(D) Implement an Amazon S3 server-side encryption with customer provided key.

Answer: 
Option (B) Implement an Amazon S3 client-side encryption with a KMS-managed customer master key.

Explanation: 
In this scenario, it is important to ensure that no data is sent in its unencrypted form over the internet or stored on AWS servers, including S3 buckets. To achieve this, we recommend implementing Amazon S3 client-side encryption with a KMS-managed customer master key. This technique allows the encrypting and decrypting of data to occur on the client-side, preventing any sensitive data from being stored on AWS servers or transmitted over the internet in its unencrypted form. Furthermore, using a KMS-managed customer master key ensures that only authorized individuals can access and manage the encryption keys, providing an additional layer of security.

Option (A) implementing client-side encryption with a client-side master key would not provide the same level of security as it allows the client to manage their own master key which could be compromised. 
Option (C) implementing server-side encryption with a KMS managed key provides similar security as option B but it is still encrypting data on AWS servers and sending the data over internet in its unencrypted form before being encrypted. 
Option (D) implementing server-side encryption with customer provided key would not be recommended as it allows the client to manage their own key which could be compromised and it also does not provide additional security layers.