An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.

Explanation: 
Amazon S3 is a highly durable and scalable object storage service that can be used for storing backups. However, it is not suitable for persistent block storage volumes that are required for mission-critical workloads. For this reason, an EBS volume attached to your EC2 instance would be a better option for providing persistent block storage.

Amazon S3 One Zone-IA is a cost-effective storage class that provides infrequent access durability at 15 minutes of retrieval time. It is suitable for storing data that needs to be accessed less than once per month, such as backup data. By using Amazon S3 One Zone-IA for backup storage, you can reduce your storage costs while still maintaining access to your data when needed.

By configuring a lifecycle policy in Amazon S3, you can automatically transition your objects from one storage class to another based on specific criteria, such as the age of the object or its last access time. This can help you manage your storage costs and ensure that your data is stored in the most cost-effective way possible.