An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 

C. Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier. 

Explanation:

In this scenario, you are looking for a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. Since EBS (Elastic Block Store) is designed for persistent block storage in the cloud, it is the appropriate choice. 

You also mentioned that you need to store your backup data in an object storage service and after 30 days, store the data in a data archiving storage service. Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) is a popular object storage service that can be used for this purpose. You can configure Amazon S3 lifecycle policies to transition your objects from one storage class to another based on specific criteria such as age or content type. 

Lastly, since you want to store the data in Amazon S3 One Zone-IA (Infrequent Access), which is a lower-cost storage class than Amazon S3 Glacier, but still offers high durability and availability, it would be best to use Amazon S3 Glacier as the destination for your lifecycle policy.