An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 
(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.

Explanation:
Option A is the best solution for persistent block storage volume for mission-critical workloads as it provides high availability, low latency, and high throughput. It also allows you to use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure lifecycle policies to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier, which is an object storage service that is optimized for long term durability and retrieval at low cost.
Option B is a similar solution but it uses EBS (Elastic Block Store) instead of instance store volume, which can be more expensive than instance store. Also, it does not provide the same level of performance as instance store.
Option C is also a similar solution but it uses Amazon S3 One Zone-IA instead of Amazon S3 Glacier, which is optimized for retrieval at low cost, but it provides less durability and availability than Amazon S3 Glacier.
Option D is a similar solution as option A but it uses Amazon S3 One Zone-IA instead of Amazon S3 Glacier, which can be more expensive than Amazon S3 Glacier for long term storage and retrieval at low cost.