The IT Security team recently discovered a vulnerability in the old operating systems of several EC2 instances. The team needs to immediately mitigate the security risk to safeguard the company’s applications from various cyber security attacks. For audit purposes, there is also a need to record all of the changes to patch and associated compliance statuses.

Which of the following is the MOST suitable solution in this scenario?

(A) Deploy the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances using AWS Systems Manager Sessions Manager. Integrate Amazon QuickSight with Kibana to record and track any configuration changes.
(B) Set up AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to deploy the patches for the EC2 instances with old operating systems. Use Amazon ES to record and track any configuration changes.
(C) Use AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to easily deploy the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances. Set up AWS Config to record and track any configuration changes.
(D) Configure the Amazon EC2 instances to automatically install the OS patches on a weekly basis.

Answer: 

The MOST suitable solution in this scenario would be: 

Option (B) Set up AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to deploy the patches for the EC2 instances with old operating systems. Use Amazon ES to record and track any configuration changes.

Explanation:

AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager is a powerful tool that allows you to easily manage patching and updates across your AWS infrastructure. It provides centralized control, automation, and compliance management for patching tasks. In this scenario, using AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager would be the best option as it provides an easy way to deploy the patches for the outdated EC2 instances with old operating systems.

In addition, Amazon ES (Elasticsearch Service) is a fully-managed search and analytics service that can be used to record and track any configuration changes made to the EC2 instances during the patching process. This provides an additional layer of security by ensuring that all changes are logged and auditable.

Option (A) deploys the patches using AWS Systems Manager Sessions Manager, but integrates Amazon QuickSight with Kibana which is not related to recording and tracking configuration changes. Option (C) uses AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to deploy the patches but sets up AWS Config which is also not related to recording and tracking configuration changes. Finally, option (D) configures the EC2 instances to automatically install patches on a weekly basis, but does not provide any mechanism for recording and tracking configuration changes.