An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.

Explanation: 

In this scenario, the organization requires a persistent block storage volume for mission-critical workloads. Therefore, attaching an EBS instance store volume will provide a block storage that can be used as a primary storage for these workloads. Additionally, using Amazon S3 to store backup data is a good practice as it provides high durability and scalability. 

Using Amazon S3 Glacier for the backup data is not recommended because it has a retrieval time of several hours which may not be suitable for mission-critical workloads. Moreover, Amazon S3 One Zone-IA storage class also has a retrieval time of several hours which makes it less suitable than EBS instance store volumes for critical workloads. 

Hence, the best option is to attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance and use Amazon S3 for backup data storage with a lifecycle policy that transitions objects to Amazon S3 Glacier after 30 days.