A tech company has a CRM application hosted on an Auto Scaling group of On-Demand EC2 instances with different instance types and sizes. The application is extensively used during office hours from 9 in the morning to 5 in the afternoon. Their users are complaining that the performance of the application is slow during the start of the day but then works normally after a couple of hours.

Which of the following is the MOST operationally efficient solution to implement to ensure the application works properly at the beginning of the day?

(A) Configure a Predictive scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to automatically adjust the number of Amazon EC2 instances
(B) Configure a Dynamic scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to launch new instances based on the Memory utilization.
(C) Configure a Scheduled scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to launch new instances before the start of the day.
(D) Configure a Dynamic scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to launch new instances based on the CPU utilization.

Answer: 

The MOST operationally efficient solution to implement to ensure the application works properly at the beginning of the day is (C) Configure a Scheduled scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to launch new instances before the start of the day.

Explanation:

Scheduled scaling policies can be used to scale an application up or down based on a schedule, which makes it easy to ensure that the appropriate number of resources is available at all times. By scheduling the scaling policy to launch new instances before the start of the day, you can make sure that the application has enough capacity to handle the increased traffic that occurs during office hours.

Predictive scaling policies use machine learning algorithms to predict future demand and adjust the number of instances accordingly. While this can be useful for handling unexpected spikes in traffic, it may not be the best solution for ensuring consistent performance at the start of the day when there is a known increase in demand.

Dynamic scaling policies launch new instances based on memory or CPU utilization, but these metrics may not always accurately reflect the actual usage of the application. In some cases, a small increase in memory usage may lead to a significant decrease in performance, while a small decrease in CPU usage may not necessarily indicate that resources are being underutilized.

In summary, configuring a Scheduled scaling policy is the most reliable and efficient solution for ensuring that the application works properly at the start of the day, as it allows you to proactively scale up the application before demand increases.