A company is currently using an On-Demand EC2 instance for their application which they plan to migrate to a Reserved EC2 Instance to save on cost. Which of the following is the most cost-effective option if the application being hosted would be used for more than 3 years?	

(A) All Upfront Convertible Reserved Instance pricing for a 1-year term.
(B) No Upfront Convertible Reserved Instance pricing for a 3-year term.
(C) All Upfront, Standard Reserved Instance pricing for a 3-year term.
(D) No Upfront Standard Reserved Instance pricing for a 1-year term that is renewed every year.

Answer: 

The most cost-effective option would be (B) No Upfront Convertible Reserved Instance pricing for a 3-year term. 

Explanation: 

To determine the cost-effectiveness of each option, we need to compare the total cost of using an On-Demand instance versus the total cost of using a reserved instance over a period of three years. 

Option (A) All Upfront Convertible Reserved Instance pricing for a 1-year term requires paying for a full year upfront and then can convert to an on-demand instance at any time during that year, but you will not get a refund for the unused portion of the reserved instance. 

Option (B) No Upfront Convertible Reserved Instance pricing for a 3-year term does not require any upfront payment, and you have the flexibility to convert to an on-demand instance at any time during those three years. This option is more cost-effective since it eliminates the need for upfront costs and allows you to pay only for the instances that you actually use. 

Option (C) All Upfront Standard Reserved Instance pricing for a 3-year term requires paying for a full year upfront and then can convert to an on-demand instance at any time during those three years, but you will not get a refund for the unused portion of the reserved instance. This option is less cost-effective than option (B) as it still requires an upfront payment. 

Option (D) No Upfront Standard Reserved Instance pricing for a 1-year term that is renewed every year is similar to option (A), but instead of being locked into a 3-year term, you are only locked into a one-year term. This option is less cost-effective than options (B) and (C) as it requires an upfront payment and does not provide the flexibility to convert to an on-demand instance at any time during the reserved instance period.