The IT Security team recently discovered a vulnerability in the old operating systems of several EC2 instances. The team needs to immediately mitigate the security risk to safeguard the company’s applications from various cyber security attacks. For audit purposes, there is also a need to record all of the changes to patch and associated compliance statuses.

Which of the following is the MOST suitable solution in this scenario?

(A) Deploy the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances using AWS Systems Manager Sessions Manager. Integrate Amazon QuickSight with Kibana to record and track any configuration changes.
(B) Set up AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to deploy the patches for the EC2 instances with old operating systems. Use Amazon ES to record and track any configuration changes.
(C) Use AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to easily deploy the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances. Set up AWS Config to record and track any configuration changes.
(D) Configure the Amazon EC2 instances to automatically install the OS patches on a weekly basis.

Answer: 

The MOST suitable solution in this scenario would be (C) Use AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to easily deploy the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances. Set up AWS Config to record and track any configuration changes.

AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager is a service that allows you to easily manage software patches and updates on your Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon ECS containers, and Amazon EKS clusters. It automates the process of patching, ensuring that all instances are up-to-date with the latest security patches. This is particularly useful for organizations that have a large number of instances, as it reduces the manual effort required to patch each instance individually.

In addition, AWS Config allows you to record and track any changes made to your EC2 instances, including patches and associated compliance statuses. This information can be used for auditing purposes, ensuring that your organization remains compliant with industry standards and regulations.