A Security Engineer has found out that there are some developers who have been adding rules to security groups without any approval. The developers configured the security groups to allow RDS, SMTP, and SSH traffic from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range in order to do their code testing. The company has an existing firewall hosted in an EC2 instance where all of the traffic should pass through.

Which of the following is the MOST efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk?

(A) Use AWS Config rules to automatically detect whether there is a security group that allows inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. Associate a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function in the AWS Config rule to remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.
(B) Set up a Transit VPC to connect the corporate firewall and the EC2 instances.
(C) Block the source IP addresses coming from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range using Network ACL.
(D) Use AWS Shield to automatically monitor and detect all the security groups that allow traffic directly from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range.

Answer: 

The most efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk is option (A). Using AWS Config rules to automatically detect any security group that allows inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range and associating a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function in the AWS Config rule will help in remediation and updating the security group with the corporate firewall IP address. This will ensure that all the traffic passes through the existing firewall hosted in an EC2 instance, as required by the company’s policies.

Option (B) creates a Transit VPC to connect the corporate firewall and the EC2 instances. While this is an effective solution to ensure that all the traffic flows through the corporate firewall, it involves more work than option (A).

Option (C) blocks the source IP addresses coming from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range using Network ACL. This solution will prevent any unauthorized traffic from reaching the EC2 instances. However, it does not address the root cause of the problem and requires manual intervention to update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.

Option (D) uses AWS Shield to automatically monitor and detect all the security groups that allow traffic directly from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. While this solution can help in identifying the security groups that have been configured without approval, it does not provide an efficient way to remediate the issue.