An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 
The correct answer is (C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.

Explanation:
For mission-critical workloads, it is recommended to use a block storage volume that is persistent and can be attached directly to an EC2 instance. This ensures that the data is always available when needed. In this case, an EBS (Elastic Block Store) volume is the best option as it provides high availability and performance.

Amazon S3 is a great choice for storing backup data because it is scalable, reliable, and durable. The lifecycle policy feature allows you to automatically transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier after 30 days, which is a cost-effective storage class for infrequently accessed data.

However, if you need to access the backup data within the next 30 days, it is better to store it in Amazon S3 One Zone-IA, which provides faster retrieval times compared to Amazon S3 Glacier.