The IT Security team recently discovered a vulnerability in the old operating systems of several EC2 instances. The team needs to immediately mitigate the security risk to safeguard the company’s applications from various cyber security attacks. For audit purposes, there is also a need to record all of the changes to patch and associated compliance statuses.

Which of the following is the MOST suitable solution in this scenario?

(A) Deploy the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances using AWS Systems Manager Sessions Manager. Integrate Amazon QuickSight with Kibana to record and track any configuration changes.
(B) Set up AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to deploy the patches for the EC2 instances with old operating systems. Use Amazon ES to record and track any configuration changes.
(C) Use AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to easily deploy the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances. Set up AWS Config to record and track any configuration changes.
(D) Configure the Amazon EC2 instances to automatically install the OS patches on a weekly basis.

Answer: 

The MOST suitable solution in this scenario would be (A) Deploy the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances using AWS Systems Manager Sessions Manager. Integrate Amazon QuickSight with Kibana to record and track any configuration changes.

Explanation:

Option A is the most suitable solution as it includes deploying the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances, which is the primary objective of mitigating the security risk. Additionally, integrating Amazon QuickSight with Kibana provides a comprehensive solution to record and track any configuration changes made during the patch deployment process. This will enable the IT Security team to maintain a detailed audit trail for compliance purposes.

Option B also includes deploying the OS patches but does not provide a means of recording and tracking any configuration changes made during the patch deployment process. Option C provides a means of recording configuration changes but does not include deploying the OS patches. Option D only automates the patch deployment process, but it does not provide a comprehensive solution for recording and tracking any configuration changes made during the patch deployment process.