A Security Engineer has found out that there are some developers who have been adding rules to security groups without any approval. The developers configured the security groups to allow RDS, SMTP, and SSH traffic from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range in order to do their code testing. The company has an existing firewall hosted in an EC2 instance where all of the traffic should pass through.

Which of the following is the MOST efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk?

(A) Use AWS Config rules to automatically detect whether there is a security group that allows inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. Associate a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function in the AWS Config rule to remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.
(B) Set up a Transit VPC to connect the corporate firewall and the EC2 instances.
(C) Block the source IP addresses coming from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range using Network ACL.
(D) Use AWS Shield to automatically monitor and detect all the security groups that allow traffic directly from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range.

Answer: 
(A) Use AWS Config rules to automatically detect whether there is a security group that allows inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. Associate a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function in the AWS Config rule to remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.

Explanation: 
Option (A) is the most efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk because it allows for centralized control of security groups across all regions and accounts. By using AWS Config rules, you can detect any deviations from your company's security policies and take immediate action to update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address. This eliminates the need for manual intervention and ensures that all traffic is properly routed through the corporate firewall. 
Option (B) does not provide a centralized way to manage security groups across all regions and accounts, and requires additional configuration to connect the VPCs. 
Option (C) blocks only the source IP addresses coming from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range, which may not be sufficient if there are other sources of traffic that need to be allowed. 
Option (D) is a good option for monitoring and detecting security groups that allow traffic directly from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range, but it does not provide an efficient way to remediate the issue.