A cryptocurrency trading platform is using an API built in AWS Lambda and API Gateway. Due to the recent news and rumors about the upcoming price surge of Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies, it is expected that the trading platform would have a significant increase in site visitors and new users in the coming days ahead.

In this scenario, how can you protect the backend systems of the platform from traffic spikes?

(A) Switch from using AWS Lambda and API Gateway to a more scalable and highly available architecture using EC2 instances, ELB, and Auto Scaling.
(B) Enable throttling limits and result caching in API Gateway.
(C) Use CloudFront in front of the API Gateway to act as a cache.
(D) Move the Lambda function in a VPC.

Answer: 
All of the above options are applicable for protecting the backend systems from traffic spikes. It is advisable to use a combination of these solutions to ensure the highest availability, scalability and performance of the platform. 

Option (A) would provide a highly available architecture using EC2 instances, ELB, and Auto Scaling that can handle any amount of traffic without downtime. This option would require some planning and setup time, but it would be highly effective in protecting the backend systems from traffic spikes.

Option (B) would enable throttling limits and result caching in API Gateway to prevent the platform from becoming overloaded by too many requests. This option would allow the platform to handle a large amount of traffic without slowing down or crashing.

Option (C) would use CloudFront in front of the API Gateway to act as a cache, which would improve the performance and scalability of the platform. This option would require some setup time, but it would be effective in protecting the backend systems from traffic spikes.

Option (D) would move the Lambda function in a VPC to ensure that the function is isolated from the rest of the network and can handle large amounts of traffic without downtime. This option would require some planning and setup time, but it would be highly effective in protecting the backend systems from traffic spikes.