A leading hospital has a web application hosted in AWS that will store sensitive Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of its patients in an Amazon S3 bucket. Both the master keys and the unencrypted data should never be sent to AWS to comply with the strict compliance and regulatory requirements of the company. 

Which S3 encryption technique should the Security Engineer implement?

(A) Implement an Amazon S3 client-side encryption with a client-side master key.
(B) Implement an Amazon S3 client-side encryption with a KMS-managed customer master key. 
(C) Implement an Amazon S3 server-side encryption with a KMS managed key.
(D) Implement an Amazon S3 server-side encryption with customer provided key.

Answer: 

B) Implement an Amazon S3 client-side encryption with a KMS-managed customer master key.

This is because AWS offers several encryption options for securing data in Amazon S3, which can help ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data stored in the cloud. The appropriate encryption technique will depend on the specific security requirements of the application and the type of data being stored.

Option A) Client-side encryption with a client-side master key is not recommended for PII because it means that the customer has control over the encryption keys, which may introduce risks such as unauthorized access to the keys or loss of keys, and therefore compromising the security of the data.

Option D) Server-side encryption with a customer provided key is also not recommended because AWS does not have any visibility into the encryption keys used by customers and thus cannot ensure the security of the keys, which can introduce risks such as unauthorized access to the keys or loss of keys.

Option C) Server-side encryption with a KMS managed key is recommended for PII as it provides stronger protection against data breaches and other security threats. AWS Key Management Service (KMS) allows customers to manage encryption keys used to encrypt S3 objects, providing a centralized and secure way to manage encryption keys, which helps ensure the confidentiality and integrity of data stored in Amazon S3.