A Security Engineer has found out that there are some developers who have been adding rules to security groups without any approval. The developers configured the security groups to allow RDS, SMTP, and SSH traffic from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range in order to do their code testing. The company has an existing firewall hosted in an EC2 instance where all of the traffic should pass through.

Which of the following is the MOST efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk?

(A) Use AWS Config rules to automatically detect whether there is a security group that allows inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. Associate a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function in the AWS Config rule to remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.
(B) Set up a Transit VPC to connect the corporate firewall and the EC2 instances.
(C) Block the source IP addresses coming from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range using Network ACL.
(D) Use AWS Shield to automatically monitor and detect all the security groups that allow traffic directly from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range.

Answer: 

A) Use AWS Config rules to automatically detect whether there is a security group that allows inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. Associate a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function in the AWS Config rule to remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.

Explanation:

Option A is the most efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk because it uses built-in AWS services to detect, alert, and take action on the security groups without requiring any additional setup or configuration. 

AWS Config is a service that helps you monitor and track changes to your AWS resources over time. Using AWS Config rules, you can create custom rules that trigger alerts or actions based on specific resource changes. In this case, you can create an AWS Config rule to detect security groups that allow inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. When the rule is triggered, it can associate a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function to automatically remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.

The other options (B-D) are not as efficient because they require additional setup or configuration and may not provide the same level of visibility and automation as AWS Config. Transit VPC is a service that allows you to connect on-premises data centers to your VPC, but it may not be suitable for this scenario. Network ACLs are used to control traffic flow between subnets within an VPC, but they do not provide the same level of visibility and automation as AWS Config. AWS Shield is a service that provides network-based DDoS protection, but it does not detect security group misconfigurations.