A Security Engineer has found out that there are some developers who have been adding rules to security groups without any approval. The developers configured the security groups to allow RDS, SMTP, and SSH traffic from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range in order to do their code testing. The company has an existing firewall hosted in an EC2 instance where all of the traffic should pass through.

Which of the following is the MOST efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk?

(A) Use AWS Config rules to automatically detect whether there is a security group that allows inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. Associate a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function in the AWS Config rule to remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.
(B) Set up a Transit VPC to connect the corporate firewall and the EC2 instances.
(C) Block the source IP addresses coming from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range using Network ACL.
(D) Use AWS Shield to automatically monitor and detect all the security groups that allow traffic directly from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range.

Answer: 

The MOST efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk is (A) Use AWS Config rules to automatically detect whether there is a security group that allows inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. Associate a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function in the AWS Config rule to remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.

AWS Config provides a centralized service that automates the configuration management of your AWS resources. It allows you to detect, monitor, and maintain your resource configurations across your entire infrastructure as code (IaC) pipeline. Using AWS Config rules, you can automatically detect security group misconfigurations that allow traffic from any source IP address, such as 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range.

To remediate these misconfigurations, you can use Systems Manager Automation (SSM) documents to update the security groups with the correct IP addresses or ranges allowed inbound traffic. You can associate an AWS Lambda function with your SSM document to automatically run the automation when a new rule is triggered.

Option B and C are also viable solutions, but they may not be as efficient as using AWS Config rules due to their limited scope of applicability. Option D uses AWS Shield to monitor security groups for known threats and attacks, but it does not address the misconfiguration issue specifically.