The IT Security team recently discovered a vulnerability in the old operating systems of several EC2 instances. The team needs to immediately mitigate the security risk to safeguard the company’s applications from various cyber security attacks. For audit purposes, there is also a need to record all of the changes to patch and associated compliance statuses.

Which of the following is the MOST suitable solution in this scenario?

(A) Deploy the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances using AWS Systems Manager Sessions Manager. Integrate Amazon QuickSight with Kibana to record and track any configuration changes.
(B) Set up AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to deploy the patches for the EC2 instances with old operating systems. Use Amazon ES to record and track any configuration changes.
(C) Use AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to easily deploy the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances. Set up AWS Config to record and track any configuration changes.
(D) Configure the Amazon EC2 instances to automatically install the OS patches on a weekly basis.

Answer: 

The MOST suitable solution in this scenario is (A) Deploy the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances using AWS Systems Manager Sessions Manager. Integrate Amazon QuickSight with Kibana to record and track any configuration changes.

Explanation: 

Option A is the most comprehensive solution, as it not only deploys the necessary OS patches to address the security risk but also provides detailed audit trails of all changes made through AWS Systems Manager Sessions Manager and Amazon QuickSight integrating with Kibana. This ensures that any compliance status updates can be easily tracked and audited. Option B is also a suitable solution, but it does not integrate with AWS Config to provide comprehensive audit trail of configuration changes. Option C provides the ability to deploy patches easily through AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager, but does not have the integration with AWS QuickSight and Kibana for detailed audit trails. Option D only automates the process of patch installation on a weekly basis, but does not provide any audit trail or compliance status updates.