An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 

(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.

Explanation:

Option (A) is not recommended because it does not provide persistence across instance restarts or replacements. Option (B) is also not recommended as it will result in higher costs due to the EBS volumes being stored at a premium rate. 

Option (C) is not recommended because Amazon S3 One Zone-IA has a retrieval fee that can add up quickly if you need to access your data frequently. It's better suited for infrequent access or long-term data retention.

Therefore, the best option is to use an instance store volume in your EC2 instance and store your backup data in Amazon S3 with a lifecycle policy that transitions your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA after 30 days. This provides persistence across instance restarts or replacements while also keeping your data affordable and accessible when needed.