An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 
(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier. 

Explanation: 
To meet the requirement of persistent block storage for mission-critical workloads, it is recommended to attach an instance store volume to your existing EC2 instance. This will provide high-performance, low-latency access to the data that your workloads need. 

To store backup data, you can use Amazon S3. Amazon S3 provides highly durable and scalable object storage, making it a good choice for storing backup data. To manage the lifecycle of your data in Amazon S3, you can configure a lifecycle policy. This policy will automatically transition objects from one storage class to another based on their age or other attributes. 

In this case, since you want to store backup data for 30 days before moving it to long-term storage, you can configure your lifecycle policy to transition objects to Amazon S3 Glacier after 30 days. This will provide cost-effective, long-term storage for your backup data that you don't need to access frequently.

Option (A) is the best choice as it provides persistent block storage for mission-critical workloads and uses Amazon S3 for backup data storage with a lifecycle policy to manage the transition of objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.