An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 
C. Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.

Explanation:
To meet the requirement of persistent block storage volume for mission-critical workloads, it is recommended to use EBS volumes attached to EC2 instances. This will ensure high availability and durability of data. 

For backup data storage, it is recommended to use Amazon S3 as it provides scalable, durable, and cost-effective object storage. To ensure that the data is stored in a cost-efficient manner, a lifecycle policy can be configured to transition objects from Amazon S3 Standard to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA after 30 days. This will reduce the storage costs for infrequently accessed data.

Therefore, the recommended solution is to attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance and use Amazon S3 to store your backup data with a lifecycle policy to transition objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA after 30 days.