The IT Security team recently discovered a vulnerability in the old operating systems of several EC2 instances. The team needs to immediately mitigate the security risk to safeguard the company’s applications from various cyber security attacks. For audit purposes, there is also a need to record all of the changes to patch and associated compliance statuses.

Which of the following is the MOST suitable solution in this scenario?

(A) Deploy the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances using AWS Systems Manager Sessions Manager. Integrate Amazon QuickSight with Kibana to record and track any configuration changes.
(B) Set up AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to deploy the patches for the EC2 instances with old operating systems. Use Amazon ES to record and track any configuration changes.
(C) Use AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to easily deploy the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances. Set up AWS Config to record and track any configuration changes.
(D) Configure the Amazon EC2 instances to automatically install the OS patches on a weekly basis.

Answer: 

The MOST suitable solution in this scenario is option (C). Use AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to easily deploy the OS patches for the outdated EC2 instances. Set up AWS Config to record and track any configuration changes.

AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager is a highly automated patch management service that helps manage software patches and updates across thousands of Amazon EC2 instances. It allows you to define, schedule, and apply patches to your instances in a centralized manner. With this solution, the IT security team can quickly and easily deploy patches for outdated operating systems on their EC2 instances without having to manually go through each instance individually.

In addition, AWS Config is a service that helps track changes made to resources in an AWS account over time. It records changes to your AWS resources such as EC2 instances, S3 buckets, IAM roles, and more. By using AWS Config, the IT security team can ensure compliance with company policies and regulatory requirements by keeping track of any changes made to the outdated EC2 instances.