A Security Engineer has found out that there are some developers who have been adding rules to security groups without any approval. The developers configured the security groups to allow RDS, SMTP, and SSH traffic from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range in order to do their code testing. The company has an existing firewall hosted in an EC2 instance where all of the traffic should pass through.

Which of the following is the MOST efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk?

(A) Use AWS Config rules to automatically detect whether there is a security group that allows inbound TCP or UDP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range. Associate a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function in the AWS Config rule to remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address.
(B) Set up a Transit VPC to connect the corporate firewall and the EC2 instances.
(C) Block the source IP addresses coming from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range using Network ACL.
(D) Use AWS Shield to automatically monitor and detect all the security groups that allow traffic directly from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range.

Answer: 
Option (A) is the MOST efficient way to automatically remediate this security risk.

Explanation: 
Option (A) is the most appropriate and efficient solution as it uses AWS Config rules to detect the misconfigured security group and then associates a Systems Manager Automation document with an AWS Lambda function to remediate and update the security group with the corporate firewall IP address. This approach ensures that all traffic will pass through the existing firewall hosted in an EC2 instance while also automatically preventing any unauthorized access from external sources. 
Option (B) is a solution that sets up a Transit VPC to connect the corporate firewall and the EC2 instances, but it does not address the security risk at hand as it only creates another route for traffic to pass through without addressing the open ports on the security groups. 
Option (C) is a Network ACL solution that blocks the source IP addresses coming from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range, but it does not address the security group misconfiguration and would require manual intervention to update each security group with the corporate firewall IP address. 
Option (D) is a solution that uses AWS Shield to automatically monitor and detect all the security groups that allow traffic directly from the 0.0.0.0/0 CIDR range, but it does not provide a remediation step for the misconfigured security group.