An organization needs a persistent block storage volume that will be used for mission-critical workloads. The backup data will be stored in an object storage service and after 30 days, the data will be stored in a data archiving storage service.

What should you do to meet the above requirement?

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(B) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C) Attach an EBS volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA.
(D) Attach an instance store volume in your EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Answer: 

(A) Attach an instance store volume in your existing EC2 instance. Use Amazon S3 to store your backup data and configure a lifecycle policy to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.

Explanation:

Option (A) is the best option for meeting the given requirement. 

An instance store volume provides persistent block-level storage that is attached to an EC2 instance at launch time, making it suitable for mission-critical workloads. Using Amazon S3 as a backup storage service allows you to store your data in a highly available and durable object storage service. You can also configure Amazon S3 lifecycle policies to transition your objects to Amazon S3 Glacier after 30 days, which provides long-term storage at a lower cost.

Option (B) is not suitable for this requirement because it uses an EBS volume instead of an instance store volume, which means that the data will be stored in block-level form, rather than object-level form. Option (C) and (D) are also not suitable because they recommend using Amazon S3 One Zone-IA storage class, which is not suitable for long-term backup storage due to its limited durability.